what if you and me just drive up the
coast though the Sun comes up you never
come back
what in the hell happened to you chunk
for sure once upon a time the stranger
came to town you have no idea who you
are how you got here quick
only to discover he might not be such a
stranger after all and don't even know
who I am
it's Luke just saying you walked down
the street was like seeing one of my own
boys alive again this town gives 62 of
its young men to the war more now sir
this boy over here Congress awarded him
the Medal of Honor for courage saving
the lives of eight men without thought
to himself his name was Luke he was my
son
that's who you are they're singing to us
gently reintroduce the person to things
that were once familiar do you remember
me
no I'll sure try
we were in love warming yeah in a place
like this the magic is all around you
the trick is to see it now that you're
back we're gonna reopen the majestic
I can't help wondering where's been all
this time I mean nine and a half years
your father said if that would start to
remember things what do you remember
what happens if his memory does come
back which life would he choose this
town's had enough heartbreak who are you
really just a guy trying to figure
things out from the director of the
Shawshank Redemption and the Green Mile
comes the story of a man brought back to
life and the town he brought back with
him you don't know what you meant to the
stem suddenly being alive Jim Carrey
the majestic